oh yeah what is up I'm Ethan your
real-life English fluency coach and I
have a very special lesson for you this
week because we have a guest host
Vanessa from speak English with Vanessa
and you will find part two of this
lesson over on her channel I highly
recommend that you subscribe because she
is one of the best American English
teachers you will find here on YouTube
and if you hang around until the end of
this lesson I have a special present
just for you so without any further ado
here is Vanessa thanks so much
Ethan I'm so glad to be here to help
explain this great clip from the TV show
friends we're about to watch a funny
scene where the cast of friends tries to
reveal some secrets about their lives
first you're gonna watch the clip and
then I'm gonna help explain some
important vocabulary some cultural tips
and also a grammar point that's great
for telling good stories and then at the
end you're gonna watch the clip again
and I hope that your mind will be open
to understanding everything that you
learned
really okay so why don't you tell me
what happened to Ross junior year at
Disneyland oh no I can't
if you tell me I'll tell you what Phoebe
says okay okay Ross and I are going to
Disney and we stopped at this restaurant
for tacos
and when I say restaurant I mean a guy a
hibachi and the trunk of his car so once
that's about ten tacos and anyway we're
on Space Mountain and Ross starts to
feel a little if he oh my god he drew up
no he visited a town a little south of
throw up
those are tacos excuse me mister Mexico
either way all packs still can't eat
those
[Laughter]
what's so funny you told her
Nancy Thompson's getting fired
okay okay food poisoning it's not like I
chose to do it it's not like it's not
like I said what would make this ride
more fun right I'm sorry I shouldn't be
laughing I should be laying down papers
for you how can you tell her I had to
okay we're getting married married
couples can't keep secrets from one
another oh really well I guess Monica's
you know about Atlanta city to landing
city well Chandler and I are in a bar
did you not hear me say do whoot and
this girl is making eyes at Chandler
okay so after a while he he goes over to
her and after a minute do I see them
kissing now I know what you're thinking
child is not the type of guy who just
goes to bars and makes out with girls
and you're right Chandler is not the
type of guy who just goes to bars and
makes out with girls
in my defense it was dark and he was a
very pretty guy oh so hard we had to
throw out your underwear again whatever
dude you kissed a guy
no tell secrets okay
okay in college Ross used to wear leg
warmers all right Chandler entered a
Vanilla Ice look-alike contest and won
Ross came in fourth and cry hey I welled
up oh is that funny
oh you find that funny well maybe
Chandler should know some of your
secrets too I already told him
everything you shush once Monica was
sent to a room without dinner so she ate
the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd
made to watch Golden Girls Monica
couldn't tell time until she was 13
of course it is I'm sorry I couldn't
think of any more for Ross in college
Chandler got drunk and slept with a lady
who cleaned our dorm that was you
whatever dude you kissed a guy really
okay so why don't you tell me what
happened to Ross
junior year at Disneyland junior year in
the American school system junior year
is the third year in a college education
or the 11th grade in high school which
is when you're about 16 or 17 years old
in high school in college the terms
freshman sophomore junior and senior are
used for first second third and fourth
year students students from those years
are called freshman sophomore juniors
and seniors Ross and I are going to
Disney Ross Ross and I are going to
Disney and we stopped at this restaurant
for tacos
and when I say restaurant I mean a guy a
hibachi and the trunk of his car
tacos are a popular Mexican food in the
US a hibachi is an open metal grill used
for cooking especially Japanese food but
this is not a very common word a trunk
is the covered space in the back of a
car that's used for carrying things and
anyway we're on Space Mountain and Ross
starts to feel a little iffy Space
Mountain is a really fun indoor space
themed roller coaster ride at Disneyland
if he literally means to be full of
uncertainty or doubt but Chandler uses
it to insinuate that Ross didn't feel
good the standard use is he made a quick
choice and still felt iffy for a while
afterwards but this specific use is he
felt a bit iffy after eating food from a
street stand
oh my god he threw up no he visited a
town a little south of throw up to throw
up is to vomit to eject food or liquid
from your stomach through your mouth an
example is he said he felt sick and then
threw up in this clip he says he visited
a little south of throw up to be south
of something is to be down below
and in this case Chandler is insinuating
that Ross got sick in the lower part of
his body
in other words Ross had diarrhea a
common condition that involves frequent
liquid bowel movements excuse me mister
Mexico either way all pass miss or mr.
something we sometimes call a person
miss or mister followed by a word that
describes them in some way for example
we can humorously call someone who is
always late
mister I'm always late the expression
either way means in any case we use this
to say that any one of two alternatives
can be chosen for example I think we
should eat Mexican food but I'm okay
with sushi too either way if you want
sushi it's fine with me to pass means to
not take accept or use something that's
offered to you we often use this with
will and followed by the preposition on
will pass on for example thank you for
the offer but all pass I've done this
before so all pass on the tutorial still
can't eat those
[Music]
still can't eat those okay okay
food poisoning it's not like I chose to
do it food poisoning is an illness that
occurs as a result of eating
contaminated spoiled or toxic food I
should be laying down papers for you to
lay something down is to place something
down on the floor generally in a flat
position for example he laid down the
mouse traps in the garden in the
conversation Monica says I should be
laying down papers for you she's saying
that she should put or lay down old
newspaper like we do for animals that
poop on the floor so Ross doesn't make a
mess with his diarrhea I had to okay
we're getting married married couples
can't keep secrets from one another oh
really well I I guess Monica's who knew
about it manic city do to keep secrets
from someone is to not reveal
information to someone who needs or
maybe feels like he has the right to
know about it for example he's always
been transparent with us I don't think
he's keeping any secrets Atlantic City
is a city in New Jersey the state in the
u.s. that's known for its beaches and
casinos how are you doing are you
enjoying this lesson from the TV show
friends I want to remind you that if you
enjoy it you can watch the other part of
the lesson on my channel there's a link
in the description and a link up here
and if you would like to continue to
learn English with me make sure that you
download my free ebook five steps to
becoming a confident English speaker
watching TV shows is one way to speak
confidently and improve your English but
there are a lot of other ways so I want
to give you my top tips for free in this
ebook there will be a link in the
description so that you can download it
and start right now okay let's continue
with this TV show from friends did you
not hear me say did you not hear me say
did you not hear me say do root and this
girl is making eyes at Chandler to make
eyes at someone is to look at someone
with sexual interest for example she's
and making eyes at him all day hey so
after a while he he goes over to her and
after a minute - I see them kissing - go
over to someone or to come over or walk
over is to approach or get closer to a
person usually to tell them something
for example he went over to the police
officer to ask him for directions well I
know what you think don't you think well
I know what you thinking child is not
the type of guy who just goes to bars
and makes out with girl to make out with
someone means to kiss someone for
example we made out after the date I
loved so hard oh so hard we had to throw
out your underwear again underwear is
generally clothing that's worn under
your clothes but more specifically for
guys it's these hotel secrets okay
okay in college Ross used to wear leg
warmers leg warmers are covering for the
lower part of your legs all right
Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice
look-alike contest and won a vanilla ice
look-alike contest
vanilla ice is an American rapper most
known by its 90 song Ice Ice Baby a
look-alike contest is a competition
whose winner is someone who best
resembles or looks like a celebrity by
wearing special makeup or costume once
Monica was sent to a room without dinner
so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry
box she'd made she ate the macaroni off
a jewelry box macaroni is a kind of
pasta in a jewelry box is a collection
of jewels like rings or necklaces or
objects made of valuable materials or
precious stones when he says that she
ate the macaroni off a box he's saying
that the food was on the outside of the
box for decoration but she ate it anyway
every Saturday night to watch Golden
Girls Golden Girls is an American sitcom
about the life of for older women that
aired from 1985 to 1992 typically this
is a show watched by older women or
women in general Monica couldn't tell
time until she was 13 to tell time is to
know the time of
day on a clock for example can you tell
me what time it is can you tell me the
time in college Chandler got drunk it
slept with a lady who cleaned our dorm
dorm is short for dormitory which is a
building on college campuses where
students lives this can also mean a
large room with many beds for example in
a hostel in this scene Chandler and Ross
tell a narration of things they
experienced in the past although the
standard way of talking about actions in
the past is by using the past tense
which is what most schools and books
teach if you pay attention to the way
native speakers speak you will often
notice that sometimes they narrate
things that happened in the past but
they use the present simple Chandler
could have said we were on Space
Mountain and Ross started to feel a
little iffy but instead we get that
we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts
to feel a little iffy he used the
present tense we are on Space Mountain
and Ross starts to feel a little iffy in
the same way although it would have been
correct to say Chandler and I were in a
bar
Ross chose to use the present simple
which is also correct well Chandler and
I are at a bar just as the past simple
can turn into the present simple when
you're telling a story the past
continuous can turn into the present
continuous in the sense the past
continuous is and this girl was making
eyes at Chandler but it turns into the
present continuous and this girl is
making eyes at Chandler hey again I hope
you had a ton of fun learning with
Vanessa today be sure to let us know
what you thought by telling us down in
the comments below and remember part 2
is over on her channel so you can find
that by also clicking in the description
box below now remember as I said we have
a special present for you is a PDF power
lesson for this lesson just like this
one it covers both part 1 and part 2 and
you will get all of the vocabulary
Graham
cultural references pronunciation and so
much more
just click in the description box to get
that or simply click here remember you
can find part two over on Vanessa's
channel click here and click here to
subscribe for more lessons like this
thanks so much and I'll go out there and
kick ass with your English oh yeah